---
title: "Our Story"
date: 2021-05-24T14:01:42-07:00
---

# Welcome.

Recently, I took a much needed break from work and went on a trip to Southeast
Asia. And there I experienced something quite odd, a feeling I don’t know how to
fully put into words. I couldn’t count with all my fingers the number of times
the locals assumed that I was Korean or Japanese. (I am neither.) “konichiwa”
and “annyeonghaseyo” they would holler as I walked by. I was so caught off
guard. Can you imagine if this happened in America? This experience nearly
brought me into a crisis and had me questioning my own identity.

Why did they assume I was of one ethnicity or another?

Was my skin tone not dark enough, or was it my monolid eyes, or the way I
dressed and walked?

Why did any of this even matter?

Even in Asia, where I was surrounded by majority Asians, I didn’t feel like I
fully fit in. You know the cliché: not Asian enough for Asia, not American
enough for America.

My trip strangely brought back memories of growing up in America. I remember
when kids would tease me when I brought Japanese yams for lunch; so much that I
convinced my mom to buy me expensive, non-nutritious Lunchables instead of her
homemade meals. It wasn’t until my later years when I learned I should be proud
and completely unashamed of who I am. Not just the foods I ate at home, but the
traditions and cultures we celebrated. Similarly, when traveling abroad, when
the unassuming, but very kind locals would ask where we’re from, I would proudly
let them know I was American. “We’re from California!” And yes, that's where I'm
_really_ from.

The common theme here is that I just wanted to fit in. I wanted to be accepted
and seen for who I am — not my race or what I looked like. I wanted other people
like me to know that they belong. And that’s why this site exists: to share the
stories of Asian Americans, and their journey to get to where they are. To
provide a safe space where we can discover our role-models, and the people who
look like us and represent us on television. To give flowers for the
trailblazers, the OGs, and the leaders who are going to inspire the next
generation of Asian Americans to come.

We're surely not going anywhere else. America is our home. From the first
Filipino sailors to set foot on the promised land, to the curious and brave
adventurers studying internationally -- from the Chinese railroad workers who
_literally_ paved the way for us, to the young entrepreneurs who are able to
pursue their dreams today -- from the immigrant families fleeing from war,
famine, and regime, to the kid working at the family restaurant and doing
homework in the back: your stories make America.
